P(Doom) -- Windows

READ THIS FIRST: WINDOWS WILL WARN YOU. THAT IS EXPECTED.

  Windows SmartScreen shows a blue box saying "Windows protected your PC"
  and "Windows Defender SmartScreen prevented an unrecognised app from
  starting", and it may name an "Unknown publisher" / "untrusted publisher".

  To run the game:
      1. Click "More info" (small link under the message text).
      2. Click "Run anyway" (the button that then appears).

  Why it happens: this build is UNSIGNED. Signing an executable means buying
  a code-signing certificate from a certificate authority; P(Doom) is an
  alpha made by one person and has not bought one yet. SmartScreen warns
  about every unsigned program it has not seen many times before, so the
  warning says "we cannot check who made this", NOT "this is malware".
  Nothing about the warning changes once you click through -- it may appear
  again after each new download.

  MAKING SURE YOU HAVE THE REAL FILE. Since Windows cannot vouch for the
  publisher, you should check the source instead:
    - The ONLY trusted download is the GitHub release page:
      https://github.com/PipFoweraker/pdoom1/releases
      Do not run a PDoom.exe that reached you any other way.
    - Every release publishes release_manifest.json, which lists the exact
      size and sha256 of each zip. To check your download, run this in
      PowerShell and compare the hash to the one in the manifest:
          Get-FileHash -Algorithm SHA256 .\PDoom-Windows.zip
      Matching hash = byte-for-byte the file that was published.

HOW TO RUN
1. EXTRACT this whole zip to a folder first (right-click -> Extract All).
   Do NOT run PDoom.exe from inside the zip viewer -- the game needs the
   other files sitting next to it, and the zip viewer hides them. This is
   the #1 thing that trips people up.
2. Open the extracted folder and double-click PDoom.exe.
3. Click through the SmartScreen warning as described at the top of this
   file ("More info" -> "Run anyway").

WHATS IN HERE
   PDoom.exe    the game
   PDoom.pck    the game data (must stay next to the exe)
   *.dll        Steam integration libraries (keep them here)

FEEDBACK
   Press N in game, or click "Send Feedback". Write anything -- a bug, an
   idea, or just what you thought. When you save it the game offers three
   one-click ways to send it onward: copy the whole report to your clipboard,
   open a pre-filled issue in your browser, or open the folder holding the
   file. Bugs, ideas and plain reactions are all wanted equally.

   WHERE IT GOES: to the public P(Doom)1 issue tracker, where it is triaged
   and summarised before the developer reads it. It does not go to anyone's
   personal inbox. Your contact details are never included in the copied
   text -- only a name, and only if you tick the box.

Thanks for playing -- Pip
